feat(docs): update FriendliAI provider documentation (#3)
friendliai/ai: content/providers/03-community-providers/08-friendliai.mdx

# Friendli Provider

The [FriendliAI](https://friendli.ai/) provider contains language model support for the [Friendli Serverless Endpoints](https://friendli.ai/products/serverless-endpoints) and Custom Models via [Dedicated Endpoints](https://docs.friendli.ai/sdk/integrations/vercel-ai-sdk).

> [FriendliAI](https://friendli.ai/) provider supports custom models via [Friendli Dedicated Endpoints](https://friendli.ai/products/dedicated-endpoints) and all models on [Friendli Serverless endpoints](https://friendli.ai/products/serverless-endpoints).

Reviewer: line 8과 반복 같습니다.

Author: 8번 유지할까요 10번 유지할까요? (10번이 새로 작성한 내용입니다)

Reviewer: 8번인데

Reviewer: The [FriendliAI](https://friendli.ai/) provider supports both open-source LLMs via [Friendli Serverless Endpoints](https://friendli.ai/products/serverless-endpoints) and custom models via [Dedicated Endpoints](https://docs.friendli.ai/sdk/integrations/vercel-ai-sdk).

URL은 점검해주세요. 모바일에서 친거라

## Provider Instance

You can import the default provider instance `friendliai` from `@friendliai/ai-provider`:

```ts
import { friendli } from '@friendliai/ai-provider';
```

## Language Models

You can create [FriendliAI models](https://docs.friendli.ai/guides/serverless_endpoints/text_generation#model-supports) using a provider instance.
The first argument is the model id, e.g. `meta-llama-3.1-8b-instruct`.

```ts
const model = friendli('meta-llama-3.1-8b-instruct');
```

### Example: Generating text

You can use FriendliAI language models to generate text with the `generateText` function:

```ts
import { friendli } from '@friendliai/ai-provider';
import { generateText } from 'ai'

const { text } = await generateText({
  model: friendli('meta-llama-3.1-8b-instruct')
  prompt: 'What is the meaning of life?',
})
```

### Example: Using built-in tools

> <Note type="warning">**Built-in tools** are still in beta.</Note>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Note type="warning">**Built-in tools** is in beta.</Note>
```

  Dedicated Endpoints](https://docs.friendli.ai/sdk/integrations/vercel-ai-sdk)
  documentation to deploy your custom models.
</Note>

### OpenAI Compatibility

> 🎯 We can also use `@ai-sdk/openai` with OpenAI compatibility.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
🎯 You can also use `@ai-sdk/openai` as the APIs are OpenAI-compatible.
```
